docs(api): add api page (#3520)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/api.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Mergify API
   :keywords: mergify, api

======

> 🔀 API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🔌 API
```

?

======

Mergify provides a RESTful API that you can use to get the data you need to
integrate with Mergify.

The API endpoint is located at https://api.mergify.com/v1/.

Authentication
==============

> First, you need to create an Application that will be tied to your Organization on the `dashboard <https://dashboard.mergify.com>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to create an Application that will be tied to your Organization on the `dashboard <https://dashboard.mergify.io>`.
```

.. figure:: ../_static/application_keys.png

> Once the application created, the dashboard will give you a API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the application is created, the dashboard will give you an API key.
```

.. figure:: ../_static/application_keys_token.png

> Then you can use the API key to authenticated against the API, by getting the
> application information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can use the API key to authenticate against the API, by getting the
application information:
```
```suggestion
Then you can use the API key to authenticate against the API. You can check the token is valid by getting the
application information:
```

.. code-block:: shell

    # curl -H "Accept: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <my-application-api-key>" https://api.mergify.com/v1/application
    {
        "id": 123,
        "name": "my application",
        "github_account": {
            "id": 123,
            "login": "Mergify",
            "type": "Organization",
        }
    }

> Going further

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going Further
```

=============

> Take a look all data you can gather from Mergify on our `API references <https://docs.mergify.com/api>` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the `API references <https://docs.mergify.com/api>` to discover all the data you can access.
```
